Legends of an ancient race of giants are shared among cultures that span across
multiple continents from around the world and are included in the most common
religions here on earth as well, including Christianity, Judaism,
Islam, Hinduism, and even Buddhism to name a few examples.
In fact,
in the Sumerians who are the earliest documented human civilization on record,
also share details of a race of giants. Once living here on earth,
even the ancient Greeks described the giants included among the Greek gods.
And there are many different words that have been used to describe the race of
massive humans, such as the Neum from the Bible, the Theo in the Quran,
the DETA and Hinduism,
and the Asura in Buddhism and descriptions of red-haired white skin
giants are shared by several different native American tribes in north America
and even reaching as far away as the Monte people in Peru, in south America.
Now on this channel,
I have made many videos discussing massive made AIC structures found throughout
the world.
Many of which are just as mysterious as they are massive as there is a huge
missing chapter within our ancient history.
In that we do not know exactly how or by who many of these structures were
created.
And I have received literally thousands of comments from people on various
videos stating that structures were built by giants. Now,
let me first say that I have always assumed that the various myths and legends
of a race of giants existing on earth were simply exaggerated stories passed
down over thousands of years. And I figured that, well,
if giants actually did exist,
we certainly would've found some skeletons and remains by now.
And we haven't have, we I'll be discussing that later in this video.
First let's acknowledge that there are indeed rare examples of people growing to
be what many would consider to be a giant.
Perhaps the most famous example is Andre. The giant who was seven foot,
four inches tall,
or 224 centimeters and weighed 520 pounds or,
or 236 kilograms look at just how big he is compared to Muhammad
Ali, who was nearly six foot four.
And look at how big his fist is compared to Ali's head even compare his hand
to a standard 12 ounce beer can isn't that just incredible?
It seems to me that the word giant is a very appropriate to describe him,
but it must be mentioned that he had a disorder of excessive growth hormone,
which allowed him to grow so large and resulted in him dying of a heart attack.
At 47 years of age,
he grew too large for his heart to sustain him and ultimately passing away due
to complications of what's called gigantic. In fact,
the tallest human to ever have ex existed at least verified through irrefutable
evidence is a man named Robert Wadlow who reached a height of eight feet,
11 inches or 272 centimeters.
And he was still growing up until he died at the early age of 22.
He just like Andre. The giants also suffered from gigantic,
which is caused by hyperplasia of the pituitary gland causing his abnormal and
excessive growth, which also caused issues in his bones and joints. In fact,
he needed braces for his legs just to walk and he ended up dying actually of an
ankle infection in 1940,
but neither of these examples are the results of being from a race of giants.
I mean,
they weren't so large because their parents were giants that gave birth to other
giants.
So is it possible that the various myths and legends of giants existing in the
past are actually just similar examples to modern times were in certain rare
examples, people grow to be exceptionally large.
That's consider the biblical story of David V Goliath,
which is also included in the Quran by the way, with different names,
Goliath being JLU if I pronounce that correctly,
but according to the king James version of the Bible Goliath's Heights,
when converted to modern measurements would be nearly 10 feet tall,
could this be an exaggerated figure for someone who is actually say between
seven or eight feet tall?
I speculate simply because I'm always reminded of the telephone game,
which of course is a great way of portraying how information always changes when
it's passed down through people over time and through different languages.
I mean, think about it.
If you pick out a current news story and then decide to go church,
that story from three different news outlets,
you're gonna get three different versions of the story every time,
which is pretty odd considering it's 2018 and all of our technological abilities
and abilities to well communicate information. And we still can't get things,
right?
So just compare the large discrepancy between the king James description of
Goliath being nine feet,
nine inches tall to the book of Enoch found within the dead sea scrolls,
which states that Goliath was actually six feet, seven inches. Hmm.
That is a large discrepancy.
And I'll be discussing more about the dead sea scrolls in just a moment.
But first it's worth mentioning that the six qubits and a span or the nine foot
nine inch measurement comes specifically out out of the king James version of
the Bible from the year 16, 11,
just one small example of king James altering the Bible, which is of course,
a very controversial subject,
just like the many allegations that the Vaan had altered the Bible as well,
but that's a topic for another video. So the story of Goliath aside,
let's discuss the description of king IGA mesh of the ancient Sumerians,
who has said to have reigned in power for 126 years.
According to the Sumerian king list, he has said to have been 11 qubits tall,
which is equivalent to 18 feet or five meters,
it is even detailed that his punt poles used for moving and steering his boat
where 60 qubits, long each,
which is equivalent to 90 feet or 27 and a half meters look at these
statues of king Giles holding a lion.
And this has been depicted in many different statues.
So is this a baby lion or is he a freaking giant?
The lion appears to be male based on having its main,
which would also make it an adult.
Many people are not aware of just how big lions get. In fact,
male African lions can exceed 500 pounds or 225 kilograms.
And here are a few pictures for simple comparison,
but it's really not until you're up close to one that you realize just how male
as if they are, I mean,
their backs are almost up to your chest and not to mention just how long their
bodies are. Now.
Obviously these statues do not mean that Gil mesh was actually a giant and you
could easily infer that he raised lions and this is symbolic of him training
them or taming them or controlling them who knows.
But similar depictions are also shown in Sumerian clay tablets as well.
And like I mentioned earlier,
the Sumerian tablets and statues are from the earliest recorded human
civilization,
the earliest literature and the known existence of mankind details,
the existence of a race of giants. And by the way,
if you've seen my other videos, I do discuss other civilizations,
which date back to tens of thousands of years earlier,
I'm simply referring to documented civilization in this video,
but some of these tablets show individuals that are much larger than others.
And this is something that has also been depicted in Egyptian hieroglyphs as
well. However,
this has often been believed to be symbolism of differentiating people of power
or royalty to everyone at else. So, like I mentioned,
a few moments ago about the dead sea scrolls.
It is really interesting to mention that a race of giants or the Neum who were
discussed in the book of Enoch, which was included within the dead sea scrolls.
I've mentioned these scrolls in other videos when mentioning the book of
Watchers. But if you're not familiar,
these scrolls were hidden inside caves located on the side of remote desert
cliffs near the dead sea.
And they were buried inside of seal jars for thousands of years.
It really makes you wonder why someone or a group of people went to such an
incredible extent to hide and preserve the information included in these
scrolls. But let's be real.
The fact that giants were written about on some scrolls thousands of years ago
is not evidence that a race of giants actually existed and nor are the massive
examples of megalithic structures from ancient times. For example,
in my Petra video,
I received hundreds of comments suggesting that the doors are so big because it
was created and inhabited by giants.
Look at the so-called monastery located at Petra.
This is 150 feet tall or 46 meters.
And I'm not exactly sure how tall the door is, but just compare it to people.
Now look at this photo and in the top right corner,
that is a man standing between those two circles.
So why did they choose to make the structure so big and which, by the way,
it was car of, out of the side of a mountain in the remote desert of Jordan.
However, when you look at the so-called treasury,
which is also located at Petra, you can see that despite the massive doorway,
the steps are of normal size and another great example is that Eck in Lebanon,
I received many comments from people suggesting that this site was created by
giants and look at the size of the unbelievably large foundation stones at the
HEOS and compare them to people standing nearby.
And when you ascend into the Heliopolis look at the size that people compared to
the temple Abacus simply massive, well look at the door,
obviously that's amazing.
But when you actually look at the steps you climb to reach it,
you'll notice that they are of normal size.
And it's the same when you enter inside the temple as well.
And you can see there on the altar that the steps are, well,
I would say standard size if this was indeed for giants,
why are the steps so small in comparison? And of course,
when you look at the steps that you climb up to at the temple of Jupiter,
which is located right next to the temple of ACAS, I mean,
if these were made for giants again,
why are the steps so small and obviously of an appropriate size for humans
now, of course,
that does not mean that giants didn't build these sites for regular size people.
But this of course brings us to the big question,
which is that if a race of giants did exist, then where's all the evidence.
Where's all the skeletal remains because it seems like we don't have bones,
but we have a lot of tales and myths about it. I mean,
we find so many dinosaur fossils yet.
We haven't found any of human giants that would've been around far more recently
in time.
And this is where get to the conspiracy side of things where people suggest that
no, wait a second.
We have actually found many different skeletal remains of giants,
but the evidence has been covered up and destroyed.
This stems from many different news articles that were published in newspapers
many years ago. Take for example,
one that was published in the New York times from back in 1897 will,
it's described a discovery of a human being over nine feet tall from head to
foot. And the skull was described as being half a bushel,
which correct me if I'm wrong would be something equivalent to around four
gallons in size.
The article goes on to describe that the skeleton was found along with other
relics within a mound in Wisconsin.
So one topic that I have not made a video on are the ancient mounds of north
America, which many people do not even know exist.
And I need to do more research on this topic before I make a video on it.
But these mounds are scattered among many different states in north America,
including Ohio, Mississippi, West Virginia, Tennessee, Louisiana,
Oklahoma, Georgia, Illinois, and a few other states,
and many people claim that these mounds are actually burial sites of giants.
And the skeletons were removed in a coverup during excavations that were
conducted well over a hundred years ago.
There was actually another article in the New York times published in 1902
reporting on an expedition of archeologists that had discovered a giant skeleton
in New Mexico stating that it was 12 feet tall, which by the way,
that's about 366 centimeters and had a forearm that was four feet
in length and a well preserved lower jaw and teeth,
get this teeth as large as the size of large walnuts.
Not only that,
but the chest was said to have a circumference of seven feet or 214
centimeters. And this story was never heard of again,
did anyone actually discover a 20 foot skeleton?
I really can't find an answer about that at all,
but you would assume it's not true. And these are just two articles.
If you do a Google search for newspaper discoveries on giants,
you'll find quite a few articles that day back more than a hundred years,
all discussing the discovery of giants,
even groups of 200 giant skeletons found in a cave,
all of which exceeded nine feet tall.
And here are a few examples of various newspaper articles from long ago,
discussing similar fines.
But there seems to be no way to verify if any of these discoveries were actually
true.
And these stories date back so long ago that nobody involved is alive today,
but many people believe that due to the Smithsonians involvement in many of
these excavations, particularly at the ancient mounds,
that the evidence was suppressed from the is due to various reasons,
including of course,
religious implications and different rumors and theories have been developed
over the years.
Even stating that the Supreme court of the United States had ordered the
Smithsonian to disclose their evidence. But according to Snopes,
which I do not consider an authority on information anymore than I do Wikipedia,
which by the way,
I only show wi pious screenshots on my videos to show the viewer in a simple,
easy way that the topic that I'm discussing is actually documented that said,
Stoks declared this to be a false story.
And that the Supreme court did not order the Smithsonian to do anything,
but even if it were true that a race of giants had been discovered and that
there was a coverup or the bones had been destroyed,
we still should have found something. Now. I mean,
random people have found dinosaur bones and the remains of wooly mammoths,
whether it be construction crews, gold miners,
people hiking on the beach or in the woods,
random people have found these remains yet.
We don't have people finding the remains of massive humans.
I also believe that if giant fossils had been legitimately found,
the evidence would be out by now because somebody would surely have taken the
payday for those bones. I mean, holy crap,
if someone actually found a 12 or a 15 foot tall skeleton of a human
holy crap,
would that be a game changer and would make somebody really freaking rich in the
process too, because those bones would be worth millions of dollars.
So surely someone would leak that information out by now. Right?
What I can tell you is that there is a lot of fake crap out there on the
internet involving the discovery of giants,
many different CGI photos that are simply not real.
And here are just a few examples that have been around the internet for years.
One interesting story, which comes out of Egypt,
involved the supposed finger of a giant,
which measures 38 centimeters or 15 inches in length.
And would've belonged to a human approximately five meters in height or 16 and a
half feet tall. And these pictures were taken back in 1988.
And apparently the man that had possession of the finger was offered money for
it, which he refused. And then he vanished along with the finger.
Neither one of them were ever seen or heard from again.
And that was back in 1988. So if it was real,
why didn't he submit it for testing? Well, that is, unless it actually was real.
And the guy was, I don't know, murdered. And the finger taken from him,
thus explaining why he,
he and the alleged finger disappeared and have never been heard from since,
but maybe it was just a total fake to begin with a notable example of a
potential proof of a giant involves this footprint found in South Africa,
long story short, Dr. Robert shock,
who I admire and trust has examined the print.
And he states that it's most like to be natural,
just like the snowman shape figure located just a few feet, a few feet from it.
And you could read the details on Dr. Shock's website,
but it comes down to the incredibly high temperature in which granite is formed
at shock believes that this is simply natural yet, obviously an unusual shape.
And it of course could be fake as well. But this is a 3 billion year old stone.
And it's obviously ridiculous to assume that someone,
regardless of their size would step onto molten, magma, or lava.
And obviously you must ask how someone could make a snowman type shape figure to
go along with it.
There have been other reasons why people have suggested that a race of giants
existed including various large artifacts of axes or heads,
but there could be so many different explanations for this such as art or
decoration. Now, as I did more research on this topic for making this video,
it became apparent that the information I've discussed so far is barely
scratching the surface of all the information out there related to giants.
In some way, for example,
there were bones found referred to as the giants of castle. No,
which allegedly is a skeleton that would've been 11 and a half feet or three and
a half meters tall. So is this legitimate or not? I mean,
if the bones were real,
then why hasn't there been any type of modern day study to confirm it?
Do you see what I'm saying? Now?
I may make another video in the future on the topic of giants,
but I ultimately need to see more evidence or legitimate evidence to we buy into
it. But at the same time,
I'm a very open-minded person and know that we are very ignorant to historical
events in the past history of earth. So anything is possible.
But my personal thoughts are that the myth and legends of giants actually
referred to giants of mind that people of incredible intelligence lived long
ago.
And when you find various myth megalithic structures that were constructed in
most likely pre Duluthian times in certain examples,
more specifically before the younger dries climate catastrophe of 13,000 and
11,600 years ago, perhaps in the several millennia following this event,
as mankind made its rebound and stumbled upon various megalithic sites,
maybe this is how the legend was developed. I mean,
after all the true history of ancient human civilization is far older and
advanced than what we were taught in school.
And over the course of 12,000 years, since the climate catastrophe,
that is way more than enough time to erase all the evidence, excluding.
That of megalithic stones. Ultimately,
it is interesting that so many different cultures from across multiple
continents from around the world all share the same legends.
So I look forward to reading comments that people leave as obviously I'm not
including so many different things in this video because there's only so much
time. So leave me a comment and share your thoughts,
but I'm gonna close it up there. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight,
hit the like button and subscribe,
and I have many more videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody.